Song Queue and Service:
    ☐ Request a song through twitch chat with a URL
        ☐ Youtube URLs
        ☐ Soundcloud URLs
        ☐ Spotify URLs
            This might not actually be possible, need to look in to whether Spotify will allow embedded playing of music 
            (https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-playback-sdk/)
    ☐ Songs get added to a request queue
    ☐ Request queue has details on each song requested 
        Who requested, how it was requested, donated amount if donation, how long ago it was requested, whether it's been played or not, etc
    ☐ Toggle whether a song has been played or not
    ☐ Change sort order of songs
    ☐ Add to and remove from the queue manually 
    ☐ Display song queue to users on the front end
        This should be read-only for everyone except broadcaster and moderators.

Commands:
    ✔ Automatically detect commands without having to manually add every time @done(19-08-05 16:31)
        Don't want to have to add a command every time a new one is created like how DI works,
        Will probably end up watching and parsing a folder for commands based on file names.
    ✔ Flexible command system @done(19-08-05 16:31)
        Ideally the system that handles executing whatever command needed doesn't need to know what the
        command actually is or what it does. Everyone command can have an execute() function that the system
        will call. The system can store each command in a map, providing an easy way to access each command.
        ✔ Make necessary services available to commands @done(19-08-05 16:31)
            This probably needs to be through a service locator or something. Ideally there should only be a few
            services that commands have direct access to (e.g. using a SongService instead of directly using url specific services)
    ☐ Able to add text commands through chat.
    ☐ Restrict commands based on user levels.

Events:
    ☐ Add event system, needs to handle bankheists, raffles, RPS, etc.
        ☐ Timer system - able to set a time for an event to allow registrations, then getting the results at the end of the timer.
        ☐ Registration - allow users to register for an active event. There may be several different active events at a time.
        ☐ Win conditions - Able to set win conditions / rewards for each event type

Authentication:
    ☐ Refactor user login with Twitch.tv OAuth so that it actually works for multiple users. Currently only really works for a single user locally.
        ☐ Database refactoring to store user data. Don't want to pull from Twitch.tv API every time. Will need to refresh Twitch.tv data on some set interval.
    ✔ Update authentication so that it's correctly using nonces, refresh tokens, etc. @done(19-08-04 15:51)

Logging:
    ✔ Change the logger to something else that's got a bit more functionality (probably Winston). @done(19-08-06 01:44)
    ✔ Add log filtering based on content types (commands, twitch, database, etc). @done(19-08-06 01:44)
    ✔ Add config value to change log levels. @done(19-08-06 01:44)
    ☐ Update logger to allow passing Error objects
    ☐ Investigate automatically setting logtype and if it's possible or not. 
        Something like setting a logtype for the current class in constructor/decorator that is stored in logger maybe

Database:
    ☐ Update database service to use an ORM instead of using raw SQL queries for everything.

Users:
    ☐ User levels for access and vip status.
    ☐ Tracking vip status based on donation amounts / subscription levels.
